Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Look, that's a bright one!
Whoa!
A fireball.
Hey, look.
There's mars.
Where?
Right over there.
See it?
It's pretty close.
It's at the perihelion,
Only 30 million
miles from earth.
Only 30 million?
Well, no wonder it
looks so close.
[LAUGHS]
Smart ass.
Hey, look.
Here they come.
More this year than last.
This should be the
heaviest shower this year.
Holy shit!
Jesus, that's bright.
That one's not gonna vaporize.
It's gonna make it
through the atmosphere.
Wow.
It's a hell of a tail, huh?
It's time for bed.
Mom, you missed it.
It was incredible.
Well, come on, it's bedtime.
But it's just getting started.
Yeah, but you have
school tomorrow.
Well, so do you.
Yeah.
That's why we're all going to bed, right?
Uh-Uh, not me.
Me, neither.
[CHUCKLES]
Hey.
Yeah.
[MAKING SPACESHIP NOISE]
Oh, my god.
What is this?
Doo doo, you're dead,
50 lasers in your head.
All right, and now
it's time to go to bed.
How can I become an astronaut
If I can't stay up late?
Did you finish your homework?
Did you finish yours?
[BOTH MAKE SQUEAKING NOISE]
Good night.
Required reading?
Hey, give me that.
Look, don't keep him
up too late. Okay?
The base commander came
to my school today.
"Mad dog" Wilson.
What was he there for?
Public relations, I guess.
[LAUGHS] You guess?
[RUMBLING NOISE]
Hey, you hear that?
Hear what?
Thunder, dad.
You must be getting pretty old.
Wise guy, huh?
Oh, hey, I almost forgot.
A penny...
'58 D.
Mint condition.
Wow! Thanks!
I'll put it in your jacket.
Get under the covers.
Come on,
Come on, come on.
Love you.
I love you, too.
Good night.
Sweet dreams.
Good night, dad.
[LOUD THUNDERCLAP]
[THUNDERCLAP]
[METALLIC HUMMING]
Uhh!
Aah!
Aahh!
Mom and dad!
Mom! Dad!
Mom! Dad! Dad!
Quick, get up!
Get up!
Dad! Dad! Dad!
What?
Come on, you gotta come see.
A UFO landed right
behind the hill
With all these red lights.
Come on! Come on!
[LOUD THUNDER]
Look at that lightning.
Run! And it
was really bright.
I'm so glad you
got him a telescope.
It was huge and really bright,
With all these strange lights.
It landed right back there,
Behind the hill.
I bet it was ball lightning.
No, dad. I know what
ball lightning is.
It wasn't that.
It was something else.
A UFO. It must
have been.
Could it have been
something from the base?
No, it wasn't a plane.
I've never seen anything
like this before.
Maybe it was a meteorite.
No way, dad.
You
Go back
To bed
Right now.
[MAKING CRASHING NOISE]
I'll look when it's light, ok?
Ok.
Go back to bed.
On the journal side,
We have our receipts,
little sales and invoices.
Invoices.
Okay, on our ledger
We have accounts receivable,
payments...
hi, mom.
Where's dad?
Did you make your bed?
Huh, it's made.
What are you doing?
It's not what you think.
[LAUGHS]
Don't get caught.
No, not me.
George, why aren't you dressed?
Y-You want coffee?
Uh, yeah.
Uh, what happened
to your other slipper, dad?
What?
I lost it.
Oh, not your nice leather ones.
It's kind of muddy out there.
What's wrong with you,
sweetheart?
Do you feel all right?
I'll get you another pair
When I'm at the fed mart.
Are you sure
there wasn't anything
Over the hill, dad?
Nothing.
It was just a bad dream.
That's all.
What happened to your neck?
Sit down, David.
Eat it while it's hot, you guys.
I'm going.
Bye, darling.
But, mom...
Oh, look, eat that
or you'll be late.
Let me walk you to the bus stop.
You were right, son.
There is something...
over the hill.
What?
Come on.
I'll show you.
No, dad.
[HORN HONKS]
Hi, David.
...so have your parents
sign them
For the field trip,
And return them to me
first thing in the morning.
[FROG CROAKS]
You know this is frog week.
I collected these fresh
specimens this morning
At the marsh area,
at copper hill.
Now, who can tell me
What these 2 red sacs are?
Which ones,
Mrs. Mckeltch?
Will you show me on mine?
Yes.
[BOY] This is gonna be great.
Oh, yeah.
Ooh! Sick!
Ow!
Want it back?
[CLASS] Ooh!
David Gardner.
This may be the way
you behave at home.
But he threw...
This is not the way
you behave in my classroom.
[ALL LAUGH]
1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
Thank you.
Look, he's bleeding.
Heather, you supervise
While I take this
uncontrollable young man
To the school nurse,
And I hope you
need a tetanus shot.
[ALL LAUGH]
1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
Mmm-Hmm.
Yeah.
Miss Magnusson.
David Gardner has gone ahead
And cut himself.
It probably serves him right.
Oh, yes.
Thank you.
What? I'm sorry.
I said this silly boy
has cut himself.
I don't know
what's got into him.
He's uncontrollable.
I'll take it from here,
Mrs. Mckletch.
Mckeltch!
I think you'll live.
Later, David.
Bye-Bye.
See you tomorrow.
[DOOR SLAMS]
[CLOCK TICKING]
Dad.
[STATIC]
[ROBOTIC NOISES]
[ROBOT] David Gardner,
Feed me.
Mom,
God.
Don't ever do that.
Where's dad?
I don't know.
He's probably
around here somewhere.
No. I looked
all over.
He probably got
a ride to the base
With some of the guys.
No, I don't think so.
Something's wrong.
What's the matter?
Dad's weirded out.
Oh, honey, you know your dad.
Hmm.
Don't worry.
[CLOCK TICKING]
[SIGHS]
Now, I'm worried.
Hi, chief.
Thank you for coming.
Sure, Mrs. Gardner.
Do you know officer Kenney?
Ma'am.
Well, George isn't here.
His car is here,
but he's not here.
Uh, you have any idea
where he might be?
Um, maybe he went
back over the hill.
No, David.
Excuse me?
Copper hill.
He went up there this
morning to take a look.
David thought he saw
a plane crash there.
No, I didn't. I saw a UFO.
Huge lights, everything.
David, stop it!
I'm sorry.
I tell you what, we'll
go up and have a look.
Oh, thank you.
It's just back there.
Let me show you.
I didn't hear nothing
about a plane crash.
Me either.
I haven't been up here
Since I was a kid.
[BIRD SQUAWKS]
Oh, my god.
George, you scared
the hell out of me.
This is ed.
Ed...
this is my wife.
This
Is my son.
How do you do?
Couldn't do much better.
And yourself?
Just fine.
George, where were you?
We called the police.
I guess I'd better be going.
I have to pick up
Alice and heather.
See you later, ed.
What happened to you?
And where did that
guy pop up from?
That's heather's dad.
She sits next to me in class.
I think he's weird, dad.
Ed works for the phone company,
the switching division.
Since when do you work
for the phone company?
We had a special meeting.
The new hookup at the base.
Well...
I'm home now.
I see you're back.
Your little lad's got
quite an imagination.
Yes.
I know.
Thank you for coming, chief.
Looks like we
found him ourselves.
Everything's fine now.
Thanks.
Our pleasure.
Good-Bye, ma'am.
Good-Bye.
You know...
mom.
It certainly is
beautiful up there
Over the hill.
We'll take a walk
After you do the dishes.
After I do the dishes?
George, you're
acting very strange.
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR SHUTS]
[DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES]
[FOOTSTEPS]
Mom!
Not hungry, David?
You feel all right?
I don't think he's feeling well.
Hmm.
I have an idea.
Why don't we all go on a picnic
Up at the hill?
Mom, you've got classes.
We'll go this afternoon.
It's wonderful up there.
Your father showed me a place
You've never seen before.
Is this a joke?
We'll have a wonderful time.
I'll pack us a lunch,
Hamburgers.
You like that, don't you?
I don't want to go.
Hey, little fellow,
Give your mom a hug.
[HORN HONKS]
Later.
[CHILD] Help me,
help me, help me.
[LOUD CLANG]
You were shitting me
About that spaceship
crap, right?
Just forget it.
All the guys think
you're really spaced.
That's just great.
Sure you don't want to play?
No.
Okay.
We go tonight.
There must be no mistakes,
Or we'll be destroyed
at 12:00 midnight.
No problem.
George Gardner
has been delegated.
[FLOOR CREAKS]
[GULPS]
What are you doing, David?
Heather!
David Gardner.
Stop!
Stop right where you are!
Linda! Linda!
Miss Magnusson!
David, what's wrong?
I've had it with you!
Mrs. Mckeltch,
what is the problem?
I told you this boy was trouble.
He needs to be
severely punished.
David, what's the matter?
He knocked over a
defenseless little girl,
And he's a little snoop.
Please,
Mrs. Mckeltch,
Why don't we just
talk with each other?
Give him to me.
Please let me talk to him.
David, go inside my office.
You're pushing it, sister.
I'll be back for him
in 5 minutes.
5 minutes.
[CHILD] Give me that!
It's okay, David.
Just relax.
Relax!
You don't understand.
What?
What don't I understand?
You know, David,
That whatever you tell me
Stays in this room.
I'm a nurse.
I'm here to help.
I mean, I'm supposed
to say that, but...
it really is true, David.
Okay, first, can I see
the back of your neck?
Okay.
[LAUGHS]
Eating a frog?
I don't know, David.
That's some kind of story.
It's not a story.
A UFO lands in the back
of your house
And puts something in
your mom and dad's neck,
Then it gets your teacher
And the police
and your friend, heather,
And her father, Ed,
From the telephone company?
How did it get
Mrs. Mckeltch?
She said the frogs came
from around copper hill.
She must have been there.
Stay right there a minute.
[TYPEWRITER]
Well?
Mrs. Mckeltch,
David seems concerned
About an injury to your...
to your neck.
My neck?
Yes, he says that you're
wearing a bandage.
Why, yes. I have
a boil on my neck.
A boil?
A boil.
I could help you clear that up
If you'd let me look at it.
Don't touch me!
I want the boy.
If you don't give him to me...
you have a lot of nerve, sister.
Oh, boy.
This is going to be a mess.
Okay.
Go out the window.
Now, this is the key
to my back door.
You wait for me,
And I'll come and see you
when classes let out.
Where do you live?
462 south royal.
Okay. Bye.
Where's David?
He's not feeling well, heather.
Why don't you come back later?
[CLAMOR]
He's still with the nurse.
His parents will take him.
He's not well.
He may be in danger.
We'll sue.
What kind of nurse
Are you, anyway?
I'm sorry,
Mr. Gardner.
I just left the office
for one moment.
When I got back, he was gone.
What did he talk to you about?
He was upset.
He's having a problem
with one of the teachers.
I told you.
He needs psychiatric help.
Is that all he said?
Yes.
It was only a small problem
With one of the teachers.
[BIRD SQUAWKING]
[MONKEY SCREECHING]
[CAT HISSING]
[BIRDS CAWING]
[CREATURE] Oooh!
Oooh!
Oooooh!
A, e, i, o, u.
You get me a pile,
Then you get me whittles,
You bring them both to me,
Or I'll have your heart
and liver out, David Gardner!
David Gardner!
I'll get you.
Aah!
David Gardner.
I'll get you.
[KNOCKING]
I found them!
Keep it down.
They'll see us!
I was down there!
I found Mrs. Mckeltch.
Calm down.
We're in big, big trouble!
I saw them.
They're bigger than
anything I've ever seen!
They probably think
I've kidnapped you!
No! They tried
to catch me.
They chased me
through their tunnels.
They almost killed me.
What? Who?
These things.
They're huge, ugly, slimy,
giant Mr. Potato heads!
Hold it.
I don't understand
what you're saying.
Come on.
I'll show you.
David!
You're not just
a crazy child, are you?
This is where
the tunnel opening was.
I don't see anything.
It's gone!
But I'm positive it was here.
I'm positive!
I swear it!
But it's not, David.
They moved it.
They can move tunnels!
David, it's just
too crazy for me.
But you saw the band-Aids
on the back of their necks.
Yes, but they're
just band-Aids.
Okay, we have to go to the hill.
We do?
Does it look to you
Like anything's landed there?
David, we're already
in trouble, both of us,
Because of my
helping you run away.
Now, I can make up a story
That'll smooth things over.
Your house is right down there.
Look!
[MALE VOICE]
Unload the magnotometer.
Coming up.
Can you tell us
where this is, Mr. Gardner?
Straight up the hill
And over into the canyon.
Johnson, you got everything?
All set.
Right over here, man.
Yeah.
Over the hill, he said.
Anything?
Not yet.
Does Gardner seem
a little weird to you?
What's his story?
I don't know.
Down here.
Come on.
You got anything?
Not yet.
Real strong reading here.
Yeah, I'm following you.
I'm picking it up, too.
Yeah. Yeah,
I'm picking it up.
What?
Found something.
Oh, no!
No, no!
No!
Oh, my god!
Let's get out of here!
[HORN HONKS]
Oh, no!
The field trip!
Mrs. Mckeltch took
the whole class
To the sandpit!
What are we going to do now?
I'm going to make a call.
Who are you calling?
The state police.
You missed the field trip,
David Gardner!
Linda!
Stop!
Come back!
I'll get you for this,
David Gardner!
Damn!
My god, what did she do to you?
Is your neck all right?
Yes, it's fine.
Did you get the state police?
No, their lines were busy.
Are you all right?
Yes.
David, there is
one place we can hide
While we call the FBI.
David!
I'm coming, I'm coming.
The phone's dead.
It's heather's dad.
He must be messing
with the lines.
Damn.
Get down.
Let's get out of here.
Where do we go?
Come on.
I know a place.
You check in there.
Shh.
In here.
[CRASH]
David!
Come on, this way.
[CLANG]
What in god's name
am I doing here?
But you saw those 2 guys...
I don't know what
I saw anymore, David.
I'm sorry.
I don't know.
It's okay to be afraid.
I'm not afraid.
I'm petrified.
Me, too.
[DOOR OPENS]
Please, please.
Shh. Shh. Shh.
[RUMBLING SOUND]
You hear something?
Aah!
It's okay.
We're the police.
We're here to help.
Aah!
[GUNSHOTS]
They must be tunneling
under the whole town!
I know they are!
We've got to stop them.
How? They're
everywhere!
Let's just get out of
this crazy place!
No. We have to find
my mom and dad.
Well, we're not
going back alone.
We need help.
General Wilson.
Who?
General Wilson!
[GUARD] All right, slow down.
Where's your pass?
[DAVID] We have to
see general Wilson.
It's an emergency.
Base commander's office.
Sgt. Major
Rinaldi speaking.
Yes, sir, he's here.
Who?
General.
Provost marshal's
on the phone, sir.
Yes.
Uh-Huh.
Sounds like another crazy.
What?
George Gardner's son?
Those are the 2 guys
That got sucked under the sand.
Oh, my.
I don't like the look of this.
Okay, miss Magnusson, David.
Now, what's this all about?
David,
Has this got anything
to do with your father?
I don't mean to be rude,
But I haven't got much time.
What happened was...
No!
Let me see the back
of your neck first.
The back of my neck?
Yes.
Please, general.
He's serious.
I had to make sure first.
I guess I'm next.
Okay, go on.
It's wired.
The detonator is set.
You better hurry,
Or you just might blow it.
I understand how
it must sound, general,
But I can assure you
it's absolutely true.
I don't know.
People being sucked
under the sand.
A lot of aliens
Running around loose
underneath the town.
It's a little hard to swallow.
Excuse me, sir.
NASA does confirm
a visual sighting,
A UFO,
2 nights ago during
the meteor shower.
But radar reported no strike.
In fact, radar reported
nothing at all.
General,
What if the ship
absorbed energy?
It wouldn't show up on radar
Because no energy
would bounce back, right?
Search teams were sent out to
find signs of impact or landing.
Sir.
The men who checked
the copper hill area
Gave it a clean report.
That's because they were
sucked under the sand!
They're all part of it!
Walker, would you
please come in here?
Ma'am, I'd like you and the boy
To leave us for a moment.
Yes, sir.
Sir?
[GENERAL] Walker,
I want you to to escort these 2 people
To the briefing room.
Yes, sir.
Please, follow me.
Renaldo, I want you
to notify NASA
That we're going to do
just a routine security check
On their men.
Don't want to make
an issue out of this.
Yes, sir.
[WALKER] The general's
ready to see you now.
Sorry to disturb you, boys.
Just have a couple
of routine questions
About the copper hill search.
[GUNSHOT]
Place these men under arrest!
Tell me what
the hell is going on!
General...
Keep back!
My god.
What?
They're dead.
Jesus!
Stay clear!
Don't touch those things!
Seal the base perimeter.
Alert security!
Get those NASA hotshots
back over here right away.
Maybe they can explain this.
Bring the nurse and the kid back,
right now!
Lock off the launch area.
Yes, sir.
David,
This is dr. Stout,
Senior scientist on
the millennium project.
This is dr. Weinstein.
How do you do, David?
We work with your father.
Hi, David. Your dad's talked
about you a lot.
This is Linda Magnusson,
David's friend.
Doctor, I didn't think
the Viking missions
Found any sign of life,
Except for this photo
I saw in a magazine
Of these things on the surface
That looked like pyramids.
I saw that photograph.
And what about that huge thing
That kind of looked
like a monkey's head?
It was in all the papers.
That was fake, right?
On the contrary,
there were other photos
Too sensational
to be made public.
But there's not enough water
to support life.
On the surface.
We're looking below ground.
If there is, David,
It may not want to be found.
The tunnels!
It may not want us up there.
There really is no other choice.
No, please, general Wilson,
any further delay,
We'll miss the launch window.
Mars won't wait for us, general.
I understand, gentlemen.
We will go tonight,
But we must be able
to guarantee security.
We still don't know
What the hell
we're dealing with.
What would you
suggest that we do?
I want to put a temp
freeze on countdown
Until we're all clear.
Then it's your show.
You got yourself a deal.
No, it's a temp freeze.
Well, tell mission control
I'm authorizing it.
I know, I'll be right down.
Good, doctor.
General, we're going
down to control.
We'll be back soon.
General, listen!
We have a break
in security, sir!
There's an I-O-X truck
on the runway, sir.
[ALARM RINGS]
General, base security
arrested 2 technicians
Trying to steal equipment.
Steal what?
Copper wire, sir.
A lot of it was loaded
onto a base truck.
Copper wire?
Sir, operations report space
radar back in service.
Anything coming in?
Negative, sir.
They're already here, gentlemen.
David, can you take me
to the sandpit?
Yeah, it's
right behind my house.
Is alert force standing by?
Ready when you are, sir!
Capt. Curtis,
take a platoon
And get down to the school.
Don't worry, boy.
We are not out of options yet.
Marines have no qualms
about killing Martians!
Go, go, go, go!
Go!
Move it!
Let's go!
Move it, move it, move it!
Go, go, go!
Go, go!
Secure the house!
Fire teams 1 and 2!
Check your field of action!
Platoon leaders,
check your field of fire!
Cellars, let's go!
Let's go!
[HELICOPTER]
[BEEPING]
Hope you know what we're doing.
Yes, I do.
[GROWLING]
My god.
Let's go!
[GROWLING]
Sir, that civilian house
is all clear.
General Wilson!
Yes, David!
I have an idea.
If we just try
to talk to them...
Sir, we just
received confirmation
Of a telesystem
beneath the school.
Capt. Curtis has entered
and headed due west
With no resistance.
Due west!
That's towards us!
Sir, the demo charges are in.
You want to show us
where you want the winches?
Let's take a look!
David! David!
Please stay put.
Sgt. Lance.
Sir!
See that those marines
are secure!
Yes, sir!
All right, move it!
Let's go!
First sector of fire
is 11:00, 2:00.
[HELICOPTER]
Go!
Check out 11:00.
He's going to fall!
Renaldo!
[GASPS]
Uh!
Stay the hell away from there!
[RUMBLING]
Oh, Rinaldi!
Ah!
Ah! Ah!
Aah!
Renaldo!
Ready those winches!
[BEEPING]
[EXPLOSION]
Hit the deck!
[LOUD FOOTSTEPS]
[GROWLS]
Hold your fire!
Get down, damn it!
We can't just blow away
an opportunity like this.
Look at these creatures.
We don't know much about them,
or why they're here.
It's all right, boys.
It's...
It's all right.
How's he know they're boys?
Shut up!
I think I have something
that belongs to you.
[GROWLING]
This is yours, right?
This is yours.
That's right.
Uh...
I'm mark Weinstein,
dr. Weinstein.
I'm from Seti,
s-E-T-I,
The search for
extraterrestrial intelligence,
And...
You do understand me...
don't you?
You do.
They do understand me.
You see?
[ROARING]
Fire!
[SQUEALING]
All right.
Let's recon these tunnels.
David, it'll be all right.
David, what's wrong?
No, David!
David!
I got to find my mom and dad!
No! David, stop!
David!
David, come back here!
Oh, no!
David!
Dad!
Just come back here!
I have to find my mom and dad...
Linda, stop!
No!
Aah!
David!
All right!
Let's go in!
Set the charges!
Let's do it!
But, general,
the woman and the child!
We'll just have to risk it.
There's no other way.
Move it in!
Hustle, hustle, hustle!
Get up!
[HELICOPTER]
Come on!
Hurry up!
Hurry up and get out of there!
Get the hell out of there!
Get the hell out of...
Start the winches!
Come on, men, you can get up!
Pull, pull, pull!
[GROWLS]
Come on!
You can do it!
Get out!
[MARINES YELLING]
This way!
Keep it up!
Let's go!
We got to go down there!
Recon! Get ready!
Go!
Linda.
Linda!
Don't let him get away.
Ha ha ha ha!
Check inside now.
Man, this stuff sure stinks.
Yeah, it smells
like sulfur dioxide.
Keep moving.
What the hell you doing, man?
It's cupric oxide.
There's no time for that.
Let's move!
They're smelting copper.
Come on! Move!
Be careful.
Uh!
Come.
Where's Linda?
Linda's very busy right now.
Let her go!
You're a lucky boy,
David Gardner.
Not everybody gets to meet
The supreme
martial intelligence.
Can I...
Can I talk to you?
Please, don't hurt Linda.
And if you could
give me my mom...
You've been quite a bit of trouble already,
David Gardner.
They didn't do any harm to you,
My mom, dad, Linda,
all the others.
They're good people.
They would never hurt you...
It's too late.
Shut up!
I'm talking to him!
Please.
It's too late.
I'll stay after school every
day for the rest of my life
If you would just shut up!
Ha ha ha ha!
Don't you understand?
You can't do this to people.
You can't control them.
It's wrong!
You're not gonna
get away with it...
1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
Please.
Can't you give me
my mom and dad back?
And Linda and heather.
I'll leave Mrs. Mckeltch.
[GROWLING]
It's your turn now,
David Gardner.
No way.
Poor little guy.
I'll fix you!
You dick brain!
Uuuh!
You bad boy!
Aah!
Oh!
All right!
Linda!
Ha ha ha ha!
Go back!
Renaldo!
Stop.
General.
Oh, Christ, no.
No, Renaldo.
No!
General, stay back!
[COCKS GUN]
Ahh...
don't do it, Renaldo!
shoot me.
Fire!
[GUNFIRE]
[GURGLING]
Capt. Curtis!
Look out!
[GRUNTING]
Capt.
Curtis, gen. Wilson, up here!
David, are you okay?
They've got Linda!
There's this huge machine
they use to get everybody.
If we don't get there fast,
they'll get her.
It's all right, David.
Just stay calm, boy.
Skipper, muster your troops.
We've got to get
to the ship to save her!
Lock and load.
I wasn't trained for this.
Linda's over there!
Charge them!
[GUNFIRE]
Dragon! Dragon!
Get over, set!
David, get over here!
Stay by me, boy!
Stay by me!
[GUNFIRE]
Are you ready to fire?
Dragon, fire!
Fire on the back flank area!
Captain!
Linda!
Men, get the rest
of those charges in.
Let's go, guys, move it!
Stop, stop!
David, stop!
Linda, are you okay?
Ah!
David!
Where are we?
[DOOR SLAMS]
The entrance!
The spaceship's leaving!
David's okay.
But we've got to
get out of here right away!
Take her into the tunnels.
We'll meet you there!
Move it!
Come on!
The charges are in, sir.
Just give me a time.
I want 5 minutes
to get out of here.
Skipper, you got 5 minutes
To get everyone out.
Come on, boy!
Move!
Keep moving, Linda!
Move out!
Out!
Charge out!
Aah!
David, get up!
We got to move out!
Move out!
Come on! Beat it!
Come on!
Let's go!
Keep moving!
Bastards!
They've sealed off the entrance.
Start digging!
We can't dig our
way out of here.
We can't even blow our way out!
Capt. Curtis!
Yeah.
General Wilson!
We have one of their weapons.
I know it sounds crazy, but...
That just might do the trick,
If we can just
make it work in time.
General Wilson.
Fuel. It needs
some copper.
Copper is what they use.
I saw them load it.
Maybe a penny will do it.
Damn, and I had a whole bagful.
Hasn't anybody got a penny?
You don't carry change into combat,
sir.
Sir, a minute and 15 seconds.
Dad's!
'58 D, mint condition.
You aim.
I'll fire.
[LINDA] Aah!
[WILSON]
Help her, Curtis! Help her!
Keep moving, men.
David!
David, this way!
I'm coming!
Keep moving, men.
Keep moving.
David!
Over here.
Mom?
Dad?
Come with us.
Hurry, dear.
They'll leave without us.
No, no. Please.
Hey, little guy.
You don't know
what you're missing.
Oh, yes, I do.
Come on, little guy.
Mom, dad, I love you.
Please understand,
I can't come with you.
David!
David.
Keep moving.
Where's David?
David!
Come on!
Run!
Come on, David!
No!
Aah!
Move it! Move it
for Christ's sake!
No!
David!
Come on! Move it!
Linda, come on!
David!
He'll be all right.
Get down there!
Hang on!
Come on, Linda, you can make it!
Aaah!
No!
David!
Come on, David!
Ah!
Aah!
Uh!
Oh!
[EXPLOSION]
David!
Hurry!
Mom!
Mom! Dad!
Help!
Dad!
David, what is it?
No, no!
Leave me alone!
David, it's all right.
It's okay.
You're awake now.
Honey!
Hey, it's okay.
Oh, David.
They chased me,
and then they got you and dad.
Oh, they did?
Oh, calm down, honey.
Calm down.
Now, who chased you?
Dad,
let me see the back of your neck.
It must have been some dream.
Please, let me see.
Is it okay?
It's okay.
What about me?
You're fine, mom.
Whew.
Oh, darling.
You see, the spaceship landed
Right in back of the hill.
What did?
And you started
chasing me down the hill.
Then everything exploded
into a great big white light.
That is really weird, David.
Actually, I like the stuff
About the Martians coming
to steal the copper.
But it seemed so real.
Copper for energy, huh?
Well, David.
You got nothing to worry about.
Your penny collection
is still here.
You know what it seems to me?
It seems to me like
Your dream was full
of all sorts of things
That happened
to you today, like,
Your penny collection.
Even "mad dog" Wilson
coming to your school.
But I was so scared.
There's nothing to be afraid of,
David Gardner.
Mom!
Tomorrow,
we'll take a picnic up at the hill.
Feel better now, big guy?
Yeah.
Okay.
You better get some sleep.
You'll be tired
at school tomorrow.
Good night, son.
Good night, dad.
Good night, sweetheart.
Uh... mom?
Do you want me
to leave this open?
Um...
no, that's okay.
Good night.
[THUNDER]
[RUMBLING]
Aaah!
Mom! Dad!
No!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org